{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18560\viewh10720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi guys,\
\
I\'92ve ran out of time due to issues with Hilt for DI, in the repository pattern I went for, for obtaining the JSON data in the viewModel, via a coroutine. So I didn\'92t get change to \'93pageinate\'94 population of the compose list view. However, I was looking here: https://nabil6391.medium.com/easy-android-listview-pagination-using-jetpack-compose-267472f07929\
Getting DI working is obviously important to avoid boilerplate code and Hilt works seamingless with Compose, and is recommended. However, getting the DI graph to generate was tricky, as different versions of the Compose dependencies in the gradle file can cause a collateral effect, and knock it out off sync! Check out all the posts about it on Stack overflow. \
I also created each DTO data class in the same file given how small they were. I know this can be a no no for some developers, which I\'92d be happy to change going forward and always keep them in separate files, if that\'92s what you guys preferred. \
This is the first time I\'92ve actually put Compose to the test for myself, and also coroutines for a workable demo; I really enjoyed it and it was a fun exercise. I just wish I\'92d have time to do the \'93pagination\'94 of the list items. Perhaps I\'92ll go back to it :) And also some unit tests, too.\
\
I could have gone with Live Data for the resulting observable when the JSON data was marshalled, but this way seemed just as efficient and there was no difference to the end result. Perhaps it would have also been nice to create a \'93drag to refresh\'94, too.\
\
Thanks again guys and regardless of the outcome for myself after your review of my demo, it was great chatting to you guys in my interview, and I hope we can work together soon :) If not, no worries, and take care!\
\
Cheers,\
Jon\
\
******************** PART 2 ***********************\
Hi Matt,\
\
1) Unfortunately I don\'92t see what you\'92re meaning when clicking a list item should take you to the Reddit post; I only see two URLs in the JSON data as to which to load a valid address?\
\
2) Added \'93paging\'94 of the list via a delegate class, which is used in the viewModel, as this is where the work should be done. Please see Unit tests which test this functionality, also.\
\
3) Added Unit (Mockito) tests for the viewModel.\
\
4) Cleaned up the UI: enhanced the visuals, including displaying a thumbnail image for a single list item. Added a drag to refresh feature, and also error screen with the means to recover and try again, if obtaining the list data fails. \
\
I\'92m currently looking at \'91Semantics\'92 for testing Compose functions, as I\'92m enjoying this task and feel like carrying on!\
\
Cheers,\
Jon}